README.md, before:

# Dream Team Profile Generator

## Description
The Dream Team Profile Generator is a Node.js command-line application that takes in information about employees on a software engineering team, then generates an HTML webpage that displays summaries for each person. 

## Access

The URL of the GitHub repository ...

https://github.com/lynnadelesadler/Dream-Team-Profile-Generator

The URL for Screencastify Video Demo on Google Drive...

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Op074s3UTWLpAlO4jsGuLdl6DRMW4OhO/view


## Installation

- Install node.js if not already installed on your machine
- Open index.js in Integrated Terminal. 
- Run the command `npm i` to install Inquirer version 8.2.4 & Jest version 29.3.

## Testing
- Open Mod 10 Project in Integrated Terminal.
- Run the command `npm run test` to see all tests pass on Employee, Engineer, Intern and Manager JS files.


## Visuals

<!-- Provide the visuals for full display and phone display -->
This is how The Dream Team Profile Generator deployed index.html page will look after the application is invoked and the Dream Team Roster has been generated...
![Dream Team Profile Generator](./images/Dream%20Team.PNG)


## Usage
- To create a Dream Team roster ..

 - The application will be invoked running `node index.js ` in the Integrated Terminal

- The following will be prompted to the user (the user is forced to answer all prompts)..
       
    - What is the Manager's name?
    - What is their employee id?
    - What is their email address?
    - What is their office number?
    - Continue to build your Dream Team or is your team complete?

    - If you select option Add an Engineer..
      - What is the Engineer's name?
      - What is their employee id?
      - What is their email address?
      - What is their Github username?

    - If you select option Add an Intern...
      - What is the Intern's name?
      - What is their employee id?
      - What is their email address?
      - What school to they attend?

    - When you finally select the option My dream team is complete!...
      - In the console log you'll see "Dream Team generated!"

    
- Once all prompts are answered you will see a message in the console log... 
  - Your dream team page is built - check out index.html!

- Navigate to your index.html to see the newly generated Dream team roster!


## Support
For help with this webpage please contact
|Name | Email |
|-----------|---------------------------|
|Lynn Sadler| lynnadelesadler@yahoo.com |

## Roadmap
Check back to this page as enhancements could be made for usability and optimized display.


## Authors and acknowledgment
Acknowledgment to Node.js, Inquirer version 8.2.4 and Jest version 29.3 as this application runs off these applications.  

User story and acceptance criteria credit to © 2022 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. 

Primary credit to be given to Lynn Sadler for building the application prompts and success of the application.

Acknowledgement to Uconn Full Stack Web Developer Bootcamp, Teachers and Teacher assistants for supporting me on my developer journey!


## License
N/A

Commit message:

update readme with screencastify test video and gitignore for coverage test folder

README.md, after:

# Dream Team Profile Generator

## Description
The Dream Team Profile Generator is a Node.js command-line application that takes in information about employees on a software engineering team, then generates an HTML webpage that displays summaries for each person. 

## Access

The URL of the GitHub repository ...

https://github.com/lynnadelesadler/Dream-Team-Profile-Generator

The URL for Screencastify Video Demo on Google Drive...

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Op074s3UTWLpAlO4jsGuLdl6DRMW4OhO/view


## Installation

- Install node.js if not already installed on your machine
- Open index.js in Integrated Terminal. 
- Run the command `npm i` to install Inquirer version 8.2.4 & Jest version 29.3.

## Testing
- Open Mod 10 Project in Integrated Terminal.
- Run the command `npm run test` to see all tests pass on Employee, Engineer, Intern and Manager JS files.

The URL for Screencastify Video running Jest Testing on Google Drive...

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1qDsjd6g6SyA7yUJRyXGbu6sbNThluT37/view


## Visuals

<!-- Provide the visuals for full display and phone display -->
This is how The Dream Team Profile Generator deployed index.html page will look after the application is invoked and the Dream Team Roster has been generated...
![Dream Team Profile Generator](./images/Dream%20Team.PNG)


## Usage
- To create a Dream Team roster ..

 - The application will be invoked running `node index.js ` in the Integrated Terminal

- The following will be prompted to the user (the user is forced to answer all prompts)..
       
    - What is the Manager's name?
    - What is their employee id?
    - What is their email address?
    - What is their office number?
    - Continue to build your Dream Team or is your team complete?

    - If you select option Add an Engineer..
      - What is the Engineer's name?
      - What is their employee id?
      - What is their email address?
      - What is their Github username?

    - If you select option Add an Intern...
      - What is the Intern's name?
      - What is their employee id?
      - What is their email address?
      - What school to they attend?

    - When you finally select the option My dream team is complete!...
      - In the console log you'll see "Dream Team generated!"

    
- Once all prompts are answered you will see a message in the console log... 
  - Your dream team page is built - check out index.html!

- Navigate to your index.html to see the newly generated Dream team roster!


## Support
For help with this webpage please contact
|Name | Email |
|-----------|---------------------------|
|Lynn Sadler| lynnadelesadler@yahoo.com |

## Roadmap
Check back to this page as enhancements could be made for usability and optimized display.


## Authors and acknowledgment
Acknowledgment to Node.js, Inquirer version 8.2.4 and Jest version 29.3 as this application runs off these applications.  

User story and acceptance criteria credit to © 2022 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. 

Primary credit to be given to Lynn Sadler for building the application prompts and success of the application.

Acknowledgement to Uconn Full Stack Web Developer Bootcamp, Teachers and Teacher assistants for supporting me on my developer journey!


## License
N/A
